Name: Daiyu Ying (Black Jade, Clever)
Race: Pandaren
Gender: Female
Origin: Mainlander
Class: Rogue / Asassin
Alligence: Horde
Apperance: Leath and flexible. Has heavy scarring from being pushed / falling into the coal pit during the Test of Resolve.


Background:
An orphan who's mother died a few years after her bearth. At the age of 6, her father was killed while defending of a nearby village. She spent the next few years spending her time wisely for a young one. This caught the eye of one of the Shado-Pan that had served with her father in the order together. Her tenacity and resourcefulness as a mere child propelled her into being selected years later for the Trial of Red Blossoms.

She was one of the few that past, though not without almost tasting the deadly consequences of the three tests. She ended up spending the time until she was in her mid teens training under the watchful eyes of her sensies. However, she struggled to agree with some of the order's stances, and was known for her passionate outbursts at what she considered injustices.

At that time, tensions rose as interactions with both Alliance and Horde caused many casualties. One such occation led to several close friends of hers dying out of what she thought was lack of action by the order. Enraged, she decided to abandon her place against warnings of her fellow students. This eventually led to her aiding many independently, as well as being captured and questioned by a Horde platoon.

Instead of toture and death like she expected, the leader of the group proved to be surprisingly hospitable and kind. She was offered care for her wounds and food, ending up with the commander offering her a place among her troops in exchange for her knowledge. Having seen the suffering caused by both sides, she cautiously agreed so long as they did all they could to keep her people safe.

Eventually, the group she associated were among those who grouped with the Alliance to help take down local threats to the Pandaren. Then, she decided to continue with the group of horde to help overthrough Garrosh Hellscream as part of the Darkspear Rebellion. She was one of the few Pandaren who then stayed with the Horde since, carrying out missions to help benefit the weak and those suffering. However, she was not blind to the suffering that the Horde caused others, which caused her to be cautious who or what she trusted other than her tight-knit group of fellow warriors she viewed as family and friends.

All of this helped her to sharpen her skills as an Assasin, which she initially learned from the Shado-Pan, but was then honed over the years she spent with Horde assasins who were willing to help her better herself. While one not to shy from accepting increasingly dangerous and deadly missions, she gained a love of life and for doing whatever it takes to help people not suffer. She at times challenges her commander's decisions if she feels they put innocents in danger, which has earned her much scorn and hatred from some of those around her.


Personality:

As an adept killer, she has surprisingly maintained her own code of honor and ethics, which is far higher than many others she fights with. She has adapted her skills into a finely honed craft that she use on a moment's notice. However, she often hides her experience by presenting herself as a mere traveling cook and brewer, catching many of her targets unaware by her methods.

In the end, however, she does not allow her kindness and compassion for others to be completely tainted by blood. She treats the requests for aid by others promptly, even some without compensation. She treats those she views as friends and family with care and love. She does not enjoy killing others, and will try and go out of her way to end things peacefully with others.

While she is furious at what both the horde and the alliance have done regarding her people, she still decides to remain with the Horde as it is something she is familiar with, and that it was kindness from it that allowed her to become who she is today. Still viewed as inexperienced by some of her peers, she is considered among some of the best of her ability. She continues to hone her craft, striving to be as good in her ways as stories about her father portrayed him as.

Her control on her emotion is looser than mainlanders by choice, and by the influence over the years of different horde members. Her self-chosen family is small and tight-nit, and will she is willing to friend others around her, hard walls surrond her heart and mind. She has somehow weathered the peril of death and destruction without becoming cruel and heartless.